(Translation : With Thy Secure Hand) hymn 33 – Com Tua Mão Segura

Brazillian version :

1
  Com Tua mão, segura bem a minha,
  Pois eu tão fraco sou, ó Salvador!
  Que não me atrevo a dar nem um só passo
  Sem Teu amparo, meu Jesus Senhor!

2
  Com Tua mão, segura bem a minha,
  E mais e mais unido a Ti, Jesus.
  Ó traze-me, que nunca me desvie
  De Ti, Senhor, a minha vida e luz!

3
  Com Tua mão, segura bem a minha,
  E, pelo mundo, alegre seguirei:  
  Mesmo onde as sombras caem mais escuras
  Teu rosto vendo, nada temerei.

4
  E, se chegar à beira desse rio,
  Que Tu por mim quiseste atravessar,
  Com Tua mão segura bem a minha,
  E sobre a morte eu hei de triunfar.

5
  Quando voltares esses céus rompendo,
  segura bem a minha mão, Senhor,
  E, meu Jesus, ó leva-me contigo,
  Para onde eu goze Teu eterno amor.


Original version :

1 
  Hold thou my hand! so weak I am, and helpless,
  I dare not take one step without thy aid;
  Hold thou my hand! for then, O loving Saviour,
  No dread of ill shall make my soul afraid.

2 
  Hold thou my hand! and closer, closer draw me
  To thy dear self, my hope, my joy, my all;
  Hold thou my hand, lest haply I should wander,
  And, missing thee, my trembling feet should fall.

3 
  Hold thou my hand! the way is dark before me
  Without the sunlight of thy face divine;
  But when by faith I catch its radiant glory,
  What heights of joy, what rapturous songs are mine.

4 
  Hold thou my hand! that when I reach the margin
  Of that lone river thou didst cross for me,
  A heavenly light may flash across its waters,
  And every wave like crystal bright shall be.

Changes ( *if any) :

the main change is that the translation has added an extra section, the first verse its a direct translation of the original, the second verse changes a little bit of the part, the third section has altered lyrics but is still focussing on the face of Jesus, in the forth section it changes the lirycs again.



Credits:

lyrics for the brazillian version :

https://www.harpacrista.org/

lyrics for the english version :
https://hymnary.org/text/hold_thou_my_hand_so_weak_i_am_and_helpl
