(Translation : Conversion) hymn 15 – Conversão - (original song : Alas, and did my Savior bleed/At the Cross)


Brazillian version :

1
  Oh! quão cego andei e perdido vaguei,
  Longe, longe do meu Salvador!
  Mas do céu Ele desceu, e Seu sangue verteu
  Pra salvar um tão pobre pecador.

  Refrão:
      Foi na cruz, foi na cruz,
      onde um dia eu vi
      Meu pecado castigado em Jesus;
      Foi ali, pela fé, que os olhos abri,
      E agora me alegro em Sua luz


2
  Eu ouvia falar dessa graça sem par,
  Que do céu trouxe nosso Jesus;
  Mas eu surdo me fiz, converter-me não quis
  Ao Senhor, que por mim morreu na cruz.

3
  Mas um dia senti meu pecado, e vi
  Sobre mim a espada da lei;
  Apressado fugi, em Jesus me escondi,
  E abrigo seguro nEle achei.

4
  Quão ditoso, então, este meu coração,
  Conhecendo o excelso amor
  Que levou meu Jesus a sofrer lá na cruz;
  P'ra salvar a um tão pobre pecador.


Original version :

1 
  Alas! and did my Savior bleed,
  and did my Sov’reign die?
  Would He devote that sacred head
  for sinners such as I?

Chorus:
  At the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light,
  and the burden of my heart rolled away;
  it was there by faith I received my sight,
  and now I am happy all the day.

2 
  Was it for crimes that I have done,
  He groaned upon the tree?
  Amazing pity! Grace unknown!
  And love beyond degree! (refrain)

3 
  Well might the sun in darkness hide,
  and shut its glories in;
  when God, the mighty maker,
  died for His own creature’s sin. (refrain)

4 
  Thus might I hide my blushing face
  while His dear cross appears;
  dissolve my heart in thankfulness,
  and melt mine eyes to tears. (refrain)

5 
  But drops of tears can ne’er repay
  the debt of love I owe;
  Here, Lord, I give myself away;
  ’tis all that I can do. (refrain)


Changes ( *if any) :

The most notable change is that in the translation 1 section got removed, in the intro part in the translation it focusses on the journey that the singer been through to come to their Saviour ( Jesus Christ ) though in the beginning part it already establishes that Jesus is their Saviour like the original,and the rest of the song (brazilian version) tells the story that made him get saved,
and in the orginal the intro part also establishes that the singer is a sinner but already that Jesus Christ as their Saviour, and the rest of the song the singer is telling about the emotions of gratitude and sadness to see their Sov’reign die, it also expends that it was for their crimes that the Saviour had to perish , But dont worry he rose from the Grave after the third day :)



Credits:

lyrics for the brazillian version :

https://www.harpacrista.org/

lyrics for the english version :

https://hymnary.org/hymn/LEVS1993/30